Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/api-reference-mlw-bundle/projects.md

Retrieves the list of projects available in MLW.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Creates a new project with given project name and description.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Commit the resources of project for version control. The response will be a long running task which runs in the background.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Updates the exiting project name and description with given new project name and description.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_UPDATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_UPDATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

    "info": "https://cumulocity.com/guides/reference/rest-implementation/#error_reporting"
}
```
**Example Response**

```
400 - Conflict

{
    "error": "general/Internal Error",
    "message": "Variable issue",
    "info": [
        {
            "loc": [
                "name"
            ],
            "msg": "Invalid characters in attribute name",
            "type": "value_error"
        }
    ]
}
```

### GET - Download a project

```
{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/{{projectID}}/dump
```

> To facilitate collaboration and sharing, MLW allows the user to export the contents of a project as a compressed file. Download a project by encapsulating all the resources of project as a zip. The response will be a long running task which runs in the background.

Reviewer 2: all the resources of project as a zip > all the resources of the project as a ZIP file

        }
    },
    "projectID": "1644309675_Project",
    "sortTime": 1644394491,
    "projectName": "WF",
    "recurrence": "ONE_TIME",
    "startDate": "",
    "startTimeH": "",
    "startTimeM": "",
    "properties": [
        {
            "key": "zip_name",
            "label": "ZIP Name",
            "value": "WF_download.zip"
        }
    ]
}
```

**Example Request**

```
401 - Unauthorized

curl --location --request GET '{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/1644309675_Project/dump' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```

**Example Response**

```
401 - Unauthorized

{
    "error": "general/internalError",
    "message": "No auth information found",
    "info": "https://cumulocity.com/guides/reference/rest-implementation/#error_reporting"
}
```

**Example Request**

```
404 - Not Found

curl --request GET "{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/1644309674_Project/dump" --header "Authorization: {{auth}}"
```
**Example Response**

```
404 - Not Found

{
    "message": "Project with id '1644309674_Project' not found.",
    "errorCode": 404,
    "exception": "Project not found"
}
```

### POST - Upload a project

```
{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/upload
```

> To facilitate collaboration and sharing, MLW allows the user to import the contents of a project from a compressed file. Upload a project zip which encapsulates all the resources. The response will be a long running task which runs in the background.

Reviewer 2: Upload a project zip > Upload a project ZIP file

> To facilitate collaboration and sharing, MLW allows the user to import the contents of a project from a compressed file. Upload a project zip which encapsulates all the resources. The response will be a long running task which runs in the background.

Reviewer: Done

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Delete the existing project. The response will be the list of remaining projects, and the delete operation will happen in the background as a long-running task. The delete operation will remove all the tasks related to the project, and removes the notebook assets as well.

> **NOTE:** If there is any running task associated with the project, the delete operation won't be allowed untill the task has completed.

Reviewer 2: **NOTE:** > **Info:**

```

**Example Request**

```
400 - Bad Request

curl --location --request DELETE '{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/1601507741_Project' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```

**Example Response**

```
400 - Bad Request

{
    "error": "general/internalError",
    "message": "Running task(s) found associated with projectId: 1601507741_Project. Project delete not allowed."
}
```

### DELETE - Delete an existing version of a project

```
{{url}}/service/mlw/projects/{{projectID}}?versionNumber={versionNumber}
```

> Delete the existing version of a project. The response will be the list of remaining projects without the deleted version of the given project id, and the delete operation will happen in the background as a long-running task. The delete operation will remove all the tasks related to the project, and removes the notebook assets as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the existing version of a project. The response is the list of remaining projects without the deleted version of the given project ID. The delete operation will happen in the background as a long-running task. It removes all the tasks related to the project, as well as the notebook assets.

```

Reviewer 2: of remaining projects > the remaining projects

> **NOTE:** If there is any running task associated with the project, the delete operation won't be allowed untill the task has completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** If there is any running task associated with the project, the delete operation won't be allowed until the task is completed.

```

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Retrieves the list of files available in the project. It contains info related to each file, counts of resources, all available  version information of the selected project.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Scans the project structure to list any un-reported file in the system, which would have been generated by code execution or through notebook execution.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Pulls all the resources from the {{ < product-c8y-iot > }} inventory of the selected version of the project.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

To upload the resource files to use in the project, files like csv, txt, json.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

To create a new Python script.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_CREATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN
```

Gets the details of a resource file.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

```
Gets the content of the code file.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Gets the content of the notebook file.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Updates the contents of a file.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_UPDATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_UPDATE or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Deletes a resource file.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```

Downloads a resource file.

> **ROLES & PERMISSIONS**: ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles & permissions:** ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_READ or ROLE_MACHINE_LEARNING_ADMIN

```
